Weekend Update:
Sir i tried going through the data set but they have not provided much information on their website so i went through the paper.

A. Tool used: POWDER (SDN Platform) -> they used it for real-world dataset generation

B. Two types of Attack -> Different dataset for each of them
    a. FBS Attacks
    b. MSA (Multi-step Attacks)

C. Data Collection -> Data is Collected only from NAS and RRC layers from UE's and BS

D. Feature Extraction:
    a. 119 features for NAS
    b. 183 features for RRC

E. Labelling:
    a. FBS Dataset:
        i. 0 -> Benign packets from Legitimate BS
        ii. 1 -> Packets generated by FBS
        iii. NAS packets are manually labelled which took 2 hours of human effort and for RRC packets it is automatically labelled using attack intervals fromm NAS Traces.
    b. MSAD: (Multi-step Attack dataset) -> So they have a list of 21 Attacks so:
        i. 0 -> Benign packets
        ii 1 - 21: It is the label maximum overlapping subgraphfor the specific Attack from the set of 21 Attacks.

F. Classification:
    a. FBS Detection:They do two levels of Classification
        i. Packet-level:
            1. Each packet is classified as Benign or suspicious
            2. Model Used: LSTM with Attention
        ii. Trace-level:
            1. Classified a sequence of packets as normal
            2. Model used: Simple Binary classification model
        iii. Accuracy: 96%
    b. Multi-step Attack Classification:
       i. They used graph based learning Approach:
            1. Nodes correspond to individual packets
            2. Edges correspond to transition between packets, labelled as normal or malicious
       ii. Model used: GraphSAGE -> it identifies the pattern in these graphs
       So, it detects unseen attacks by seeing the overlapping between the attack patterns and new attack traces using a maximum overlapping subgraph.
       iii. Accuracy: 86%

Few thoughts from my side:

1. Like they have demonstrated these 21 Attacks, so can we also try demonstrate these type of Attacks in our setup
    a. For that we need to check whether anyone has replicated these attacks or not, if NOT then it can become our NOVELTY.
    b. Also we need to check how many of these Attacks can be simulated in our setup

2. We also have a list of Attacks (from 5G Spector), so can we see whether their setup is able to detect 5G-Spector attacks (the ones which uses FBS) or not, if NOT then it will a point of failure for their setup and NOVELTY for us.

Beside this, I also discussed with yashwant and he told me that he has access to BUBBLE RAN and there is an option for generating PCAP in the F1 interface. So we can also analyse on that part.

We can discuss more on this part in the next meeting!
